Evals layout changelog entry (#316)
vellum-ai/vellum-client-generator: fern/docs/content/change-log/2024-07.mdx

title: Changelog | July, 2024
---

## New Layout for Sandbox Evaluations

_July 17th, 2024_

> Previously all Sandbox Evaluations were loaded at once resulting in poor performance and difficulty navigating between them. As a first step in improving the experience, we've updated the page with a searchable select that allows you to easily load and view a single table at a time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Previously, when a Prompt/Workflow had multiple Test Suites associated with it, we'd shown them all on the page at once. This made navigation difficult (you had to scroll up and down to see each) and could also lead to performance issues. We've addressed these issues updating the page layout to display just one Test Suite at a time with a searchable select input that allows you to easily load and view each table one at a time.
```
